hello everybody I'm 87 I hope
you're fine I'm not at the top
am on vacation so that makes that the
league here we are in a
new video
this one she goes in the continuity
from the previous one that was this time a
good reason to ride a motorcycle
so I'm assuming you
have seen it and then why not maybe
that I convinced you then up there
up has no inscriptions from you glue and
caetera and so on and for good it's
not everything but hey you 're not going there
in late slip so we will talk about
the rider's equipment must first
equipment from head to toe
from head to toe
here we go
so first element of your equipment
the battous high shoes
if the period I advise you
little high sneakers not too expensive
waterproof that you like sober where
you feel good in it will do the sphere
a few hundred euros
not even you will find his suite on
skate in the pants and there is nothing
required to satisfy a jean
classical
know that for no more than a
of a classic at least not a lot
more expensive
there are
a motorcycle with toy protections
kevlar clothes on the inside for those
unfamiliar with Kevlar is
it is an anti abrasion material
basically to make it simple it's a
margin of safety in case your who
cheat on the ground that leaves you a
small margin before attacking the heat
what so why not
then we talked about the gloves so the
big devices small gloves
half-season that will make it up
Winter
confession of comfortable size mattress shit
no more quality level
with a good fastening system so
you see me mine system of
double fastening well the scratch at
wrist level there is a simple I
pass you'll see it a simple
from the base of the hand to secure
all this so it's the same for a small
hundred euros
you will find your happiness then the
jacket so there I advise you to
after textile or leather is it you who
see
it's not the same budget I think a
But let's put textile around 300
euros
a good leather is from 500 euros
is going to say you wait for me so that's it
you who see
still learn about quality
if possible with a removable liner
so that you can add winter
this same lining and having less brother
it would kill two birds
at the seams of the closure
flash all that is not shit
do you say it's an investment in
long term and that a good blues wanted
keep several years later on the
most jackets there are still
a party finally a compartment in the
back for us is a dorsal then
do not mess with it a dorsal it can
you avoid ending up in an armchair
that's less than 10% of your
6 % of your budget is 30 50 euros
so soon do not know with that took in
a
no need to type in the top of
range for now
one is obligatory that must do
part of your
other equipment on the list in
internally do it so that's it and then
when a little tip because that
it's summer the end it's almost summer
it's hot all that when you go
buy your jacket year a pure
because it's all well and good to try it
in tee shirt but if you put in the ul
after the winter since the lining and
after you 're so crazy, that's
not comfortable it would be a shame so
brought a sweater wanting net to try
your jacket and then and then this is
good what is it you'll see
see if you are fine
even with the all the lining and
piotte please at the port here
then we attack the helmets barca
that's what will cost hip hop cost
more expensive it will represent a good
part of your budget why everything
simply because it's the only one
piece of those of this equipment or
the aesthetics will count what is
normal we want to have a helmet that
we like
so a good helmet it's expensive a good
headset it is very expensive so if you
you accumulate both
to say that a very good gasket that costs
of a little bit in helmet it goes from 80
more than 500 euros
me for me you can start at
find good helmets pretty and more
top
300 euros per little tip that I you
gives and 16 years old several perso I
have tried others
and believe me
I put that in my head I have everything
know that it was not so so especially
with six years old several young and especially
according to you feel better and then that's it
learn about quality what is it
important it's expensive but it's
important
good bah here
we went around the equipment
the ocher behind the party around
the equipment so if you have any
questions do not hesitate me i will you
put delusional
my equipment to the tile that you
Interested then down especially do not mess
with his headdress it's important the
tutsis you fall there there is no
fairing
no airbag not all huh so some
do not know with that it's in between
eni exhaust good equipment
the choice is quickly made ok it before
finish his videotape I'll go
a little dedication a little dedication
at 6 m I think I can so well his
pseudo subscriber stars than to pass his
traffic exam there are some
days I communicated with him by mail
youtube we talked a little about this and there
excite week end telling me he had
had his license
so I was really happy already and I
am not saying rather than answering him
by email
well I wanted to do a little
dedication in a video so here is his
socks
frankly max and the quotes
welcome to the family as we say
I'm really happy for you
really happy
I know you have a little
exit israel or waiting for you at this far
from your home
so I hope you can quickly find out
I hope you have good weather for the
look for and pay attention to yourself
do not take for another
so
here you are not a pilot yet so do not
do not let euphoria play on your
especially driving and concentration
it would be a pity these reports so
profit is in no hurry goes back
quiet lyon I believe and do you
pleasure while remaining reasonable
here again congratulations to you thank you
to have spent sharing it with me via
messages and I hope there are plenty
others like you do not hesitate to me
report your progress
it makes me super happy to succeed with
you here we are
go on this I make you a little bus
and the next in a new video